doc: docker aliases (#252)
canonical/docker-snap: README.md

sudo snap connect docker:home
```

The `docker-compose` [alias](https://snapcraft.io/docs/commands-and-aliases) was set automatically for Compose V1 and remains for backwards-compatiblity.

> The recommended command-line syntax since Compose V2 is `docker compose` as described on the [Docker's official documentation](https://docs.docker.com/compose/releases/migrate/).

Reviewer: Same link title given to two different URLs. On line 8, "Docker's official documentation" links to https://docs.docker.com, but here it links to "Migrate to Compose V2". A reader will probably think these are the same references. In general, longer sentences and more text make it more difficult to find the right information.

```suggestion
The recommended command-line syntax since Compose V2 is `docker compose` as described [here](https://docs.docker.com/compose/releases/migrate/).
```

sudo snap restart docker.dockerd
```

### Docker Snap Aliases

[Snap aliases](https://snapcraft.io/docs/commands-and-aliases) are part of the Snap ecosystem.  
When installing Docker from the [Snap Store](https://snapcraft.io/), the alias `docker-compose` is automatically created, pointing to `docker.compose`.  

You can verify this by running:  

```console
$ snap aliases docker
Command         Alias           Notes
docker.compose  docker-compose  -
```  

> Although the [migration to Compose V2](https://docs.docker.com/compose/releases/migrate/) deprecates the `docker-compose` command in favor of `docker compose`, the alias still exists for backward compatibility.

Reviewer: I'd simplify and move this to same section with connections. Example:
> The `docker-compose` [alias](https://snapcraft.io/docs/commands-and-aliases) was set automatically for Compose V1 and remains for backwards-compatiblity. The recommended command-line syntax since Compose V2 is `docker compose` [[ref](https://docs.docker.com/compose/releases/migrate/)].
